zh, en: add `is-sharding` config item (#732)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/task-configuration-file-full.md

## ********* Basic configuration *********
name: test                      # The name of the task. Should be globally unique.
task-mode: all                  # The task mode. Can be set to `full`(only migrates full data)/`incremental`(replicates binlog synchronously)/`all` (replicates both full and incremental binlogs).

> shard-mode: "pessimistic"       # The shard merge mode. Available modes are ""/"pessimistic"/"optimistic". The "" mode is used by default. If it's a shard merge task, please set to the "pessimistic" mode. After understanding the principles and restrictions of the "optimistic" mode, you can set to the "optimistic" mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shard-mode: "pessimistic"       # The shard merge mode. Optional modes are ""/"pessimistic"/"optimistic". The "" mode is used by default. If the task is a shard merge task, set it to the "pessimistic" mode. After understanding the principles and restrictions of the "optimistic" mode, you can set it to the "optimistic" mode.
```
